<p>When you search something you send a reguest to the server through a netwrok and it responds with a collection of content which is interpreted by the browser<p>
<p>DOM is Document Object Model, it is an interface that determines how a document is accessed and altered. It helps to combine structure and style by using a tree structure so that programming languages can alter the content.</p>
<p>HTML is the most common web language. It has a standardized element and tagging system and is used to render content and page structure. However, consistent version changes and updates require extended education and the quality of HTML usage is inconsistnet so sites may not always work cross-browser or cross-device. XML is stored in plain-text format, which simplifies data sharing and eases data transport and availability. It also allows for upgrading without losing data. However, all it does is provide tagged information and it has no pre-defined tags so the author must define and structure individually. XHTML is almost identical to HTML but it is less vulnerable to future changes and ensures that documents are marked-up correctly. However, it has rigorous standards and is time-consuming to write</p>
<p>HTML pages need mandatory structure, properly nested tags, closed elements, and lowercase elements and attributes.</p>
<p>The index.html acts as the home page for the sites we create. It is opened in the browser.</p>
<p>Names should be short but meaningful, consistent, easily identifiable, and include identifiers.</p>
